---
layout: post
title: A digital corona lockdown
description: 
date: 2020-03-25 00:06:45 -0700
excerpt: 
image: /assets/img/byte.jpg
style: |
  p img { box-shadow: 0 8px 50px -6px black!important; }
---
This post is motivated from a facebook [post](https://www.facebook.com/parthsharma1996/posts/2914673935238040): 

```
Right now we have a biological virus and a physical lockdown. 
What if we had a really contagious computer virus instead and a digital shutdown?
Could you survive that? Would it be easier or harder? Could we stay let's say even 2 weeks without the Internet? Would the economic slowdown be worse or better  with the internet down? What do you think?
Instead of  "Now everyone knows what it's like to be introvert" , the meme then would be "Now everyone knows what it's like to be extrovert" . Oh wait, there's no internet, what would happen to all the memes? Oh, the memes. THE MEMES!
```

I modified the situation making it even worse. What if we had a really contagious computer virus instead and a digital shutdown, which results in internet shutdown, hard bricking all devices, and mobile towers are doomed.  

About a month ago a group of hackers(fworld) warned us that they will shutdown the world, if the leaders sitting on the top don't act on the urgent need of climate change. Though the idea looks devastating but many people supported them secretly. Most of the experts didn't take them seriously, gloating on their "secured" networks, and given the failed attempts of fworld to hack major corporation servers. But this time they were prepared, they had a full plan. There were many theories on how they did that. But no one know exactly how they completed the biggest digital attack of the world, which threw us back to 19-20th CE. And even worse as people now don't know how to survive without their cellphones and internet. 

Fworld attacked the digital world slowly, giving us time to recover as they were gonna hit us harder next time, attacking us mentally too. One of the most believed assumption was that they developed a virus that can replicate itself and transfer to other connected devices, via mobile network, internet, wired cable, and even from charger pins. 

It will be early to say if the hack was successful in its mission of helping climate change, but there were significant decrease in daily pollutions index, and carbon footprints. Factories were running in half of their capacities, people were moving out more frequently, people were losing their jobs, but more jobs were generating at the same time. Gardens were full, offices whose major work was online were nearly empty, people were trying to recover from the attack, but all their effort was in vain. 

Everyone realised how dumb they were without their phones. 
